Improve encryption with tang information (#26075)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-special-config-encrypt-disk-tang.adoc

$ sudo yum install clevis -y
----

> . Gather thumbprint from the Tang server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Gather the thumbprint from the Tang server.
```

PLjNyRdGw03zlRoGjQYMahSZGu9
----

> Alternatively, run the following command directly on the Tang server:

Reviewer: What's this command the alternative to? All of the process that starts at line 29?

Are there different use cases that would make a user pick one of the other?

Is this step really no longer necessary?

Either the nesting of the steps needs to change to present them as equal alternatives, or we need to present the one that we want users to actually do.

Author: this is an alternative to the `Gather the thumbprint from the Tang server` proposed workflow so i nested it accordingly

    storage:
      files:
      - contents:
          source: data:text/plain;base64,ewogInVybCI6ICJodHRwczovL3RhbmcuZXhhbXBsZS5jb20iLAogInRocCI6ICJaUk1leTFjR3cwN3psVExHYlhuUWFoUzBHdTAiCn0K
        mode: 420
        overwrite: true
        path: /etc/clevis.json
EOF
----

> . Create an additional machineconfig to make sure the node wait for network before trying to reach the Tang server:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Create an additional MachineCOnfig to make sure the nodes wait for the network before they attempt to reach the Tang server:
```

> ** For worker nodes, use the following command:

Reviewer: In most cases, do users need to do this for both machine types? If so, the substeps should start with `..` instead of `**`.

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ cat << EOF > ./99-openshift-worker-tang-encryption-ka.yaml
apiVersion: machineconfiguration.openshift.io/v1
kind: MachineConfig
metadata:
  name: worker-tang-ka
  labels:
    machineconfiguration.openshift.io/role: worker
spec:
  kernelArguments:
    - 'rd.neednet=1'
EOF
----

> ** For master nodes, use the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** For control plane nodes, use the following command:
```

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ cat << EOF > ./99-openshift-master-encryption-ka.yaml
apiVersion: machineconfiguration.openshift.io/v1
kind: MachineConfig
metadata:
  name: master-tang-ka
  labels:
    machineconfiguration.openshift.io/role: master
spec:
  kernelArguments:
    - 'rd.neednet=1'
EOF
----

> . If provisioning baremetal nodes using UPI, make sure they boot with this extra `rd.neednet=1` kernel argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If you provision bare metal nodes on user-provisioned infrastructure, you must ensure that they boot with the `rd.neednet=1` kernel argument.
```
